[Hierarchies-react]: Add useNodeHighlighting hook (#1040)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/six-melons-cough.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react": patch
---

> Added a react hook `useNodeHighlighting` that helps create highlighted node labels based on provided highlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a react hook `useNodeHighlighting` that helps create highlighted node labels based on provided nodes and text that should be highlighted.
```

Example usage:

```ts
import { StrataKitTreeRenderer, useNodeHighlighting } from "@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react";

> import type { BaseTreeRendererProps } from "@itwin/tree-widget-react";

Author: Changed to this:
```ts
import { StrataKitTreeRenderer, useNodeHighlighting } from "@itwin/presentation-hierarchies-react";

type BaseTreeRendererProps = React.ComponentPropsWithoutRef<typeof StrataKitTreeRenderer>;
```
